Document the benchmark entrypoint and the docker dev environment (#13)
soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex: README.md

source /opt/intel/oneapi/compiler/latest/env/vars.sh
```

> Ensure that the `icx` command can be found in the PATH with `which icx`.

Reviewer: I would put the `which icx` in a block so that it catches the eye and can be copied.
Unfortunately I can't suggest via GitHub because it uses triple back quotes.

Author: I applied everything and pushed force this suggestion into the apply commit.

$ export PATH=/opt/intel/oneapi/compiler/latest/linux/bin-llvm:$PATH
```

#### Using the docker image

> A docker image is available and provides an up-to-date, one-command install environment. You can either build it from the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile) :

Reviewer: I think using a relative is preferable to local interaction and should works properly on GitHub interfaces.
```suggestion
A docker image is available and provides an up-to-date, one-command install environment. You can either build it from the [Dockerfile](./docker/Dockerfile) :
```

```
$ cd docker
$ docker build . -t my_tag
```

> or pull the docker image from this publicly available repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or pull the docker image from [this publicly available repository](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/jjerphan/numba_dpex_dev):
```

```
$ docker pull jjerphan/numba_dpex_dev:latest
```

Run the container in interactive mode with your favorite docker flags, for example:

```
$ docker run --name my_container_name -it -v /my/host/volume/:/mounted/volume --device=/dev/dri my_tag
```

where `my_tag` would be `jjerphan/numba_dpex_dev:latest` if you pulled from the repository.

> The flag `--device=/dev/dri` is **mandatory** to enable the gpu within the container, also the user starting the `docker run` command must have access to the gpu, e.g. by being a member of the `render` group.

Reviewer: Should we catch the readers' attention? E.g. for this warning:
```suggestion
⚠ The flag `--device=/dev/dri` is **mandatory** to enable the gpu within the container, also the user starting the `docker run` command must have access to the gpu, e.g. by being a member of the `render` group.
```

Unless using the flag `--rm` when starting a container, you can restart it after it was exited, with the command:

```
sudo docker start -a -i my_container_name
```

Once inside the container, you can check that the environment works: the command

```
python -c "import dpctl; print(dpctl.get_devices())"
```

will introspect the available hardware, and should display working `opencl` cpu and gpu devices, and `level_zero` gpu devices.

### Step 2: install the `wip-engines` branch of scikit-learn

> Once you're loaded into a numba_dpex development environment, following one of the two previous guides, follow those instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have loaded into a `numba_dpex` development environment, following one of the two previous guides, follow those instructions:
```

See the `sklearn_numba_dpex/tests` folder for example usage.

TODO: write some doc here instead.

### Running the benchmarks

The commands:

```
cd benckmark
python ./kmeans.py
```

will run a benchmark for different k-means implementations and print a short summary of the performances.

Some parameters in the `__main__` section of the file `./benchmark/kmeans.py` are exposed for quick edition (`n_clusters`, `max_iter`, `skip_slow`, ...).

### Notes about the preferred floating point precision

> In many machine learning applications, operations using single-precision (float32) floating point data are regarded as faster, accurate enough and more suitable for GPU compute. Besides, most GPUs used in machine learning projects are significantly faster with float32 than with double-precision (float64) floating point data.

Reviewer: Probably I can get a "Captain Obvious" achievement for this suggestion so let's try.
```suggestion
In many machine learning applications, operations using single-precision (float32) floating point data require twice as less memory that double-precision (float64), are regarded as faster, accurate enough and more suitable for GPU compute. Besides, most GPUs used in machine learning projects are significantly faster with float32 than with double-precision (float64) floating point data.
```
